without money
if we stammering the project were created between sulfur now it's
the club's turn begins to be felt
even if duclos there will be none to treat the water that smell
characteristic of the pools much more in mind of those who can get
walking around the boating lake and who is already imagining
swimsuit
since the beginning of work there is almost a year the pool of selestat
but well and truly without this type of land
we are totally in the planning without having planned for the opening of
the pool at the beginning of July 2009
as soon as you do not go back on the day
present-day
being at the lowest since July we carried out the laying of any
the wood frame
the cover also made
so we are totally waterproof monitor on the building
we have made good progress on the facades so that the building is practically
closed
she's started the break that stainless steel basins
as you can see on the play pool the paddling pool just to see
so the parishes are completely opposed
beugnies regulation more than all French arise
we are made these stainless steel tanks and that will make all the originality of the
pool of the ramparts
an originality in France anyway since this type of basin and many
more common in Germany
it is also in the good of the twin Austrian city of selestat
inspired the project
a German company this expensive skin stainless steel basins actually
a multitude of dishes that is welded to each other
a job that should end in January after it will be necessary to check
the watertightness and yes because a swimming pool that leaks would not be a little
hassle
so the verification guys the first is
but also discussion with laurent guyot
as for the fact that he has no beautiful remains duration of
cracks
and then when setting gold that will take place in the month of
demers certainly has next year in
in keeping with promises the water level check for
see if he had done everything to
another innovation in France but still based on the model of their life in hand
the laying of a special coating all around the basins
brief earthenware of which none is asphalt then rest assured
result will not look like the mix that you can find on
the roads the steppe should be the carnage without the joints
at nine months of the planned opening the various works will follow one another
more and more quickly
it is already a question of starting tiling in the locker room and
the next big event is the arrival of the stainless steel slide too
in mid-november